DOC-2524: New `tinycomments` option: Comments can be made and read, but the editor is in a readonly state. (#3461)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/comments-options.adoc

:navtitle: Comments Options
:description: TinyMCE Comments plugin options.
:keywords: comments, commenting, tinycomments
:pluginname: Comments
:plugincode: comments

> :pluginminimumplan: enterprise

Reviewer: should this be `essential`?
https://www.tiny.cloud/pricing/

Reviewer 2: I think we should make a ticket to remove all references to this variable. We no longer include any plan details in the documentation so this variable is no longer used.

> == Options

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
== Access Options
```

> The following configuration options affect the behavior of the {pluginname} plugin.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following configuration option affects the behavior of the {pluginname} plugin.
```
